we die meanwhile as but one thing Chucky
who works on a leaky radiator
unbeknownst to him the inhabitants of
bhangra town are being terrorized by an
evil new menace hearing their cries Baal
want instantly leaps into action
okay yeah I don't know what happened and
came out of nowhere get done okay that
way follow the ribbons okay boy you
figure
using his uncanny Bhangra release
deco vision Bhangra man quickly
recognized the word arch-enemy here come
hey hey come hey bundle come come
hey Nani no that's a no Chet word word
today just shy of 300 pounds from the
village post office tomorrow the world
yazhini Morris the dancer wala
why
thanks Bhangra man huh you foil the evil
Maurice Danza and saved us from a future
of performing ridiculous outmoded folk
dance routines that bum da baby